Add documentation about enabling 2fa authentication (#720)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: bundles/security/index.rst

from the role might be overridden by the permissions from this specific object
(which are handled by the previously mentioned ``AccessControlManager``).

> 2FA Authentication
> ------------------
> 
> Sulu provides 2FA authentication over email via the scheb/2fa packages. They must be
> installed into the project via composer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two-Factor Authentication
------------------

Sulu allows to use two-factor authentication over email via the scheb/2fa packages. To enable it, 
the packages need to be installed into the project via composer:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    composer require scheb/2fa-bundle scheb/2fa-email scheb/2fa-trusted-devices

> The security firewall need to be configured to allow 2fa authentication in the
> admin firewall. By enabling following in the ``config/packages//security.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security configuration needs to be adjusted to allow two-factor authentication in the
admin firewall. This is configured in the ``config/packages/security.yaml``:
```

.. code-block:: diff

    security:
        # ...

        access_control:
            # ...
            - { path: ^/admin/login$, roles: PUBLIC_ACCESS }
   +         - { path: ^/admin/2fa, role: PUBLIC_ACCESS }
            # ...
        firewalls:
            # ...
            admin:

                # ...
                logout:
                    path: sulu_admin.logout
   +             two_factor:
   +                 prepare_on_login: true
   +                 prepare_on_access_denied: true
   +                 check_path: 2fa_login_check_admin
   +                 authentication_required_handler: sulu_security.two_factor_authentication_required_handler
   +                 success_handler: sulu_security.two_factor_authentication_success_handler
   +                 failure_handler: sulu_security.two_factor_authentication_failure_handler

The scheb/2fa bundle need to configure email and trusted devices which are the current

> supported 2fa authentication packages ``config/packages/scheb_2fa.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, the scheb/2fa bundle needs to be configured to enable email and trusted devices
in the ``config/packages/scheb_2fa.yaml`` file:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    scheb_two_factor:
        email:
            enabled: true
            sender_email: "%env(SULU_ADMIN_EMAIL)%"
        trusted_device:
            enabled: true

> The  ``config/routes/scheb_2fa.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the routes of the scheb/2fa bundle must be added to the project in 
the ``config/routes/scheb_2fa.yaml`` file:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    # For Admin:
    2fa_login_check_admin:
        path: /admin/2fa_check

After this configuration and clearing the symfony cache it is possible to enable

> 2fa authentication in the profile of the user which is logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, after adjusting the configuration and clearing the symfony cache, it is possible to enable
two-factor authentication via the administration interface in the profile of the logged-in user.
```

from the role might be overridden by the permissions from this specific object
(which are handled by the previously mentioned ``AccessControlManager``).

> Two-Factor Authentication
> ------------------

Author: ```suggestion
Two-Factor Authentication
-------------------------
```
